We have to be a firm of entrepreneurs.
We're one of the few handful of firms in
the world that can consistently write
billion dollar plus checks across asset
classes.
>> What made that group tick?
>> It's easy to have a culture when things
are going well, but cultures are defined
when things go wrong. At Six Street,
we're like, "Good, let's go. Let's face
the tiger together.
All right. I don't know where to begin.
Sixth Street is so incredibly
interesting in that it can do anything.
It can go anywhere. It's extremely
opportunistic, extremely flexible, open
mandate. We'll talk a lot about the
history and the different kinds of
investing that you've done, but I think
a fun place to begin would be for you to
tell us about your Goldman days and
specifically the group of people that
you were investing with back then, which
uh I've heard described by you and
others as sort of like the Navy Seals or
special forces of finance. maybe
describe that group in as much detail as
you can and why it was so formative and
impactful on you. It
>> was lucky that I even got into that
group. I met a guy on an airplane.
Basically, I was an international
relations major at uh at Penn. No, no
finance history, anything. Got out of
school and I was basically working in
the mail room bond only management firm
called Fiser Francis Trees and Watts and
uh was punching books and all my all my
friends were you know they all had jobs.
I you know basically at Penn I had 35
interviews didn't get have a job offer
out of college that's why I ended up in
the mail room you know I was always
interested in companies I just didn't
know a lot about it because I didn't
have a corporate finance background and
I was on an airplane coming back from
Texas my home um and I met a guy on an
airplane this guy uh by the name of Jody
Lenass and I was just like asking him a
bunch of questions and he was telling me
like I always like I I think I've I've
listened to a lot of your podcasts and
you're a very curious guy I ask a lot of
questions My wife makes fun of me
because I ask questions all the time.
>> By the way, on our first call when I was
trying to learn about you, it took a
half hour to get me to ask you
questions. So, I've been on the
receiving end. I felt it.
>> I go to dinner sometimes. People say,
"Well, you asked me a thousand
questions. I didn't get a chance to ask
you." That's just how I am. So, I was on
the airplane and this guy Joe NASA who
had started in this group and uh he was
uh he was reading like research reports
like thousand miles per hour, like
literally just processing speeds I'd
never even seen before. course I just
started asking him questions about what
are you doing and what's your group and
we just started talking on the airplane.
He had came from WTEL a principal
investing group at Goldman that
literally was highly flexible could
really do anything which by the way is
the predecessor to the group that I was
ultimately in anyways we ended up
forming a relationship just because you
know what I learned is curious you the
good thing about being curious as you
know is like you build relationships you
learn a lot and it just creates
opportunities. So anyways, he ended up
getting me an interview and I got into
this group which was, you know,
ultimately became the special situations
group at Goldman. And that group was the
largest principal investing business at
Goldman. It was the firm's balance
sheet. We at its peak, I think we're
like $25 billion of the firm's balance
sheet. Um, and literally our mandate was
basically you could do anything. um any
theme, any ass we're you know we could
do asset different asset classes
different sectors different geographies
different durations. So we could do
stuff that were two, three year
investment horizon or 10 year investment
horizon. Different return profiles. Some
was 10% return stuff. Some was 20% 30%
return profiles. Literally we could do
anything but we couldn't lose money. We
couldn't lose money. That was basically
the thing. So what we learned at the
time is this group which you know I
won't say the number what we were
substant I was there not just because I
mean there's a lot of super talented
investors but we were substantial amount
of Goldman net income with a very small
team. Yeah.
>> For you know 10 plus years.
>> What made that group tick? Like I'm
curious about all aspects of it. The
recruiting, the culture, the investing
style, the low loss rate
>> is really the ability to unitize risk
reward across different asset classes,
geographies, sectors, return profiles,
duration profiles, but literally take a
real estate type investment, compare it
to a US real estate investment, compare
it to a US corporate loan, compare it to
buying a company, compared to starting a
company, and we unitize risk units and
return units. And we did that across a
bunch of different sectors, a bunch of
different geographies and asset classes.
And just that skill of being able to do
that just it just you constantly
comparing relative risk risk units and
return units and it gives you ability to
find the best risk word at that time.
And the key principle there is that and
this is one of the things we learned at
Goldman and we learned this the hard
way. Goldman was a bunch of FFTs of
principal investing business. There were
10 FFTs, different partners running
investing businesses and none of them
talked to each other. They all had their
own balance sheets, never spoke to each
other. So during 2001, 2002, a number of
the businesses, you know, a few of them
lost a lot of money. Like for example,
we had in the US like the business the
the business I was in which is a US
corporate investing business was pretty
negative on fiber builds. If you
remember like Exocommunications or
Williams, remember all the fiber which
was overbuild
>> overbuild all that. There was another
group at Goldman who are great
investors, but they were all in on
fiber. And even though we were literally
one floor apart, one group lost a bunch
of money and we were anti-w we didn't
lose money. And after that, the firm
basically said, you know what, let's put
all these disperate principal investing
businesses. Again, we didn't have
outside LPs. Put them all under one
umbrella. that ultimately became what
was a special situation script which
again became a you know substantial part
of the firm's uh uh profitability.
>> Can you say more about this notion of
unitizing risk and return like the
literal tactical way that that happened?
>> So we think about the relationship of
risk units and return units. So return
units are easy it's it's irritation.
Risk units they're a lot hard risk units
are a lot harder. You know, if you think
about sort of the two key variables of,
you know, let's say evaluating any
company or security, you've basically
got the cash flows, the volatility of
the cash flows, so the risk of the cash
flows and growth. So the way we think
about it and again this has been refined
over 25 plus years is we take our
framework is basically take three
things. So first of all, what's the
quality of the business? What's the
quality of the sector? The second thing
is where do you sit in the capital
structure? what we would say is your
attachment points and the last thing is
documents. So we take that framework and
we sort of run that framework through
that across sectors, geographies and
that sort of you that that's how we
start to quantify risk units. So for
example, if you take a consumer goods
company that's a let's say a buyout of a
consumer goods company and let's say a
private equity firm buys it for a 20%
return and let's say they leverage 70%.
you take and you take a a hypers scale
data center that's got let's say a
15-year takeer pay contract you know
with an investment grade counterparty
that's going to be a required lower
return. So that'd be an example if you
have a geography let's say just as an
extreme example if you've got a 15%
let's say structured equity investment
for a company you know same let's say
exact same company exact same sector in
Australia if it were in Ukraine you're
probably going to demand higher than
15%. Let's say we're a minority equity
investor in a company and one you've got
literally the the control party can
literally do whatever they want. They
could dilute you. They can put bunch of
debt ahead of you. That's one set of
risk units. If you've got sort of
traditional hopefully good minority
protections, that's another set of risk
units. So we basically take all that. We
we sort of do that across asset classes,
sectors, geographies
duration. So some stuff like our capital
we can do stuff that some of our capital
some of our returns 10 to 12% returns
some of our stuff is 20 25% two to three
times your money and our whole view of
the world is the world is very dynamic
it's always changing um and you know
what happens is with investors and I
think this is they everyone sort of
think everyone thinks their baby's the
prettiest so if you're just a healthcare
investor you think your your your baby's
the prettiest you're just an energy
investor you think your baby's the
prettiest if you're just in Europe you
think Europe's only Good. So we try to
do is sort of step back from that and
then constantly as we go through
economic cycles, credit cycles, secular
cycles, geopolitical changes and we sort
of think about things on a real-time
basis. And what we do is 450 to 500
deals coming into Six Street every
month. Typically we have about 15 to 25
themes running through our firm at any
one time. And the key is, and this is
what we learned at Goldman, is that any
theme that is good has a shelf life of
somewhere between 12 months and 36
months. Because ultimately there's a lot
of smart people out there and all a
sudden it's a really good theme.
>> It comes in and it's a good theme, then
it's a less good theme, then it comes a
okay theme, then it comes a bad theme,
and then and then it basically people
overcorrect, and they start putting
leverage on it, and then you have a
correction. And our whole thing and this
is why we had the track record we had
coming out of Goldman and and do at six
street is that we try to see through
that and never get caught in that
dynamic where in a theme becomes less
good we migrate to other themes. So our
average our average theme has a has a
shelf life of you know a year to to
three years. So we're constantly if you
take our themes from 2025 and you go
back to 2022 the 15 to 25 themes might
be a little bit over but most of them
are different themes. And that's sort of
why we always think of six street like
when we founded the firm we said we have
to be a firm of entrepreneurs because if
you think about what we're doing we're
constantly migrating to the best risk
units and return units obviously also
trying to be a value added partner to
CEOs and management teams. So because
the world's always changing we have to
be constantly coming up with new themes
and that's that's sort of what we
learned at Goldman.
>> How did you recruit people into SSG? Was
there any lesson on the on-ramp? First
of all, back then it was I mean it was
the group to get into. It was the
hardest group to get into. So we we had
our sounds like special forces.
>> Yeah. It was like that, you know, that
when the Wall Street Journal called
called the group the Navy Seals, I think
that sort of created a little bit of
halo. So it wasn't finding people
interested, it's finding the right
people.
>> And for us, what we were looking for uh
back then and still today at Sixth
Street is first of all, we want really
nice people. Uh we want people that you
know we have a saying at Sixth Street
and it was true true back then something
we learned from the San Antonio Spurs is
like we want people that are over
themselves you know because if you think
about a multistrategy investing business
the the enemy of a multi strategy
investing businesses is FFTs and silos
and if you have people who don't want to
be team players and share information
and share relationships the whole the
whole sort of unitization of risk units
and return units it all breaks down. So
culture sort of goes handinhand with
with with our investing style. So the
first thing is like did they fit in
culturally and then the second thing
obviously everyone's got to be smart
enough but we really wanted people that
could think critically but also were
open to that sort of you know the anti
my baby's the prettiest people. They
don't fall in love with whatever they're
spending time on. They have the ability
to sort of what we would say at six
street is to play tennis and like
comparing a healthcare in a a healthcare
senior secured loan to buying a
healthcare company to a you know a
European real estate deal to a Asian
infrastructure to be able to sort of
engage in what we call playing tennis to
sort of compare relative risk award and
sort of the backdrop of whatever we
think sort of the the macro environment
is as well.
>> I never heard that phrase people that
are over themselves. It's a great I love
that phrase. anything else you learned
from the Spurs?
>> So, I started running business a long
time like tw I think I was 25 years at
Goldman. We always said like no
politics, no BS, no egos, nice people.
Like that's that's what we wanted to be
around. And when we started to get to
know so I grew up in Austin, Texas and I
was always a San Antonio Spurs fan. So I
was always from afar
>> a big fan of you know you know Papovic
and RC Buford who's literally one of the
best sports executives. He's
unbelievable and almost like a brother
to me now. He's an exceptional human
being. But you know, we went in there.
Um I was describing Sixth Street and RC
based in one of our first discussions
says, "Yeah, we have a saying for that."
And so Papovic said the same thing. It's
like, "Are you over yourself yet?" Why
do you say that? He goes, "That is
literally the ultimate expression is can
someone be a good teammate?" And I
thought about it deeply. So we sort of
we took no politics, no BS, you know,
only nice people and we sort of
translated that to now we say are you
over yourself yet?
>> If you think back to the SSG days, what
was the investment or trade that you
were most proud of that most uh
encapsulates many of these ideas?
>> We obviously did really well. There were
a bunch of investments. So I think the
thing that we're most proud of is that
during 2006 and 2007 when things were
getting sort of irrationally exuberant
we actually started to pause. We didn't
know what was going to happen in the GFC
but it's almost like what we didn't do
and we were you know we're I think the
only principal investing group maybe
there's one other that didn't lose money
in 2008 on a lot of capital. Now, we
didn't we didn't make any returns, but
we protected capital. And it was all
from just sort of that process that we
went through of really comparing
relative risk units to return units. And
we started to see things that just
didn't make sense. We still invested,
but we're investing in, you know,
different things that we thought would
be very protective because we did we
didn't know when the party was going to
end, but just it just was getting out of
whack. And that I'd say that's it's
really what we didn't do leading up to
GSC is probably what I'm most proud of.
And quite frankly, I think had that not
happened, I don't think we could have
when we s started Sixth Street raised
the first fund we did had we not
protected capital in 2008 because so
many people in seats like mine, you
know, blew themselves up during the GFC
back then. Did you think of yourselves
as like financeers like like it doing a
primary job for the person or group
receiving the capital or did it feel
more like like arbitrageers or something
like that? We love investing and it was
really about just being like trying to
create solutions because our capital is
so flexible. We could go sit down with
any CEO or any management team. One of
our core skill sets is asking questions.
So we'd just be asking questions and
what we say that the prototype deal at
Six Street, but also back then is we can
get on a whiteboard with a co management
company. They have an kind of an idea
what they're trying to solve and we get
up there and we start whiteboarding it
and we come up with solutions. we'll
come up maybe maybe it's a you know a
structured equity investment maybe we
buy an asset maybe we do a joint venture
on one of their assets it could be
anything but we walk in there with a
very kind of entrepreneurial mindset
bespoke mindset on every deal and that
is like if you talk to any of our
investors like what is a sixth street
deal that is a sixth street deal it's
like just white whiteboarding with the
CEO or management team and we can do
that at scale so back then I mean that
was really how we were thinking about
things and we're arbitrage when I think
about arbit arbitrage that's short-term
like we're long-term investors. Like
we're, you know, three to three years to
10 year investors plus. So arbitrage to
me that's more trading. We weren't
traders like we're we're terrible
traders. That's not what we do. But
thinking about fundamental value, but
also trying to find the right management
teams and CEOs to back and then getting
to those D where we're really their
partner and we're able to, you know, get
on a whiteboard. That's kind of was a
prototype deal for us.
>> It's like a fundamentally creative
process. It reminds me of Richard
Rainwater and all you heard about how he
would structure things and kind of take
all comers. Lots of whiteboards in that
office apparently.
>> We just had our offsite. I talk about
right brain thinking and we always say
is like and one of our core principles
is like don't group think. Stay away
from water. That's why you know I
benefit being out in San Francisco. I
live with all the AI tech guys that are
all on your podcast and I learned from
them. I'm like a fish out of water
there. But you know it's just that
independent thinking. I mean, that's why
like people who know me well, I never
talk. I've never talked to competitors
ever. Not because they're not super
talented and great investors because I
don't want to be sort of, you know, you
know, infiltrated with their thinking.
So, I get into group think. And that's
why like we try to really think about
things through that right brain brain
lens because that's how we start
different businesses. That's how we find
new themes. And we can't do our business
if we're not using our right brain. It's
a core part of of what we try to do.
Yeah, one of the really cool things
about your structure is this unit of
risk concept. Sure. Your talk makes me
realize that basically every investor
takes their specific unit of risk for
granted. It's the same every time. And
and I find that fascinating.
>> When we came out of Goldman, I'd never
talked to NP before. Like I didn't know
how to talk to an LP. That's a whole
other story. One of my mentors and we
call him the godfather of Sixth Street,
Jamie Gates, like our first fundraising
meeting we went into, he's like, "Kick
me on the tables with a large sovereign
wealth fund. Kick me on the table. I'm
like reading every word on every page."
She's like literally like doing these
hand signals like let's go, let's go,
kicking me and it was not good. We never
talked to an investor. But I remember
getting out when we first started
talking to investors on on Sixth Street.
We had a really hard time in the
beginning because it if you think about
the LP world, the way it's set up, it's
very siloed. You have your private
equity group, you have your fixed income
group, now you have your private credit
group, you have your real estate
infrastructure. So the only reason like
we got lucky because David Vineyard was
our CFO. We had one LP. So we were
completely unconstrained and unsight. We
just couldn't lose money. You know, you
grow up in the world today like when I
first got out and we're talk talking
LPS, I'd be from let's say a very big
pension plan and first and I'm
describing what we do and they can't fit
us in a bucket. They're like, "Wait a
second. Are you in this bucket? Are you
in that bucket?" He said, "We need 20%
returns." I was like, "Okay, well, how
how much leverage are you taking to get
20%?" It didn't matter. No one thinks
about universal risk. They only think
about nominal returns. And that's why
we've always talked about from
beginning. And I think many LPs have
gotten a lot smarter on return units and
risk units. But nominal returns, they're
just underlying risk because there's so
much leverage out there. People can make
returns whatever they want through
leverage. So, but it's not capturing
units of risk. And at some point I think
the AI is going to figure out how to
quantify uni units of risk for private
capital. That'll happen someday. That
has not happened. People still think
about just nominal returns versus just
the skill of investing.
>> Yeah. So where I was going with it was
typically it's not a line of question
like walk us through your thinking about
risk. Like maybe they'll think about
loss ratios, basics, some basic stuff,
but not um multi-dimensional thinking
around risk in a given asset class. And
so I'm curious because that's all you've
ever really done as an investor for you
to teach us some of the surprising
things about what you've learned
assessing risk versus everyone spends so
much time assessing return. What could
this be? What could the return be? Less
time on the risk side. What would
surprise people most is the most
important parts of that evaluation
process. Human beings get into
behavioral patterns
and they look at the past and they just
sort of keep going. Like I I'll give an
an asset class like direct lending.
Direct lending has oscillated between a
really great time to invest and a less
good time to invest. And it's all driven
by sort of capital flows. you know,
somewhat recently, you see a a whole
bunch of new money coming in into, let's
say, direct lending. And I think people
get caught in these tunnels and
have a hard time sort of stepping back.
Either they don't have the sort of the
the periphery to look at it um or they
don't have people around them that have
been through cycles, but they get in
these sort of behavioral patterns and
they have an inability to sort of look
back. And I think whenever there's a
crisis and people lose money, we saw
this in 0102. I saw it a little bit in
August 98. Definitely saw it on GFC. Saw
it in COVID before uh before the Fed
bailed everyone out and made everyone
some people that shouldn't have looked
smart look smart. But that's a whole
other you know that's a whole other
thing. I think people are surprised when
that happens. But it's all right in
front of you. It's like in 0607 you
could have looked at what was happening
like there was like over 100% loan to
value loans to houses like like anyone
could get a mortgage there were all
these mortgage rers just pumping with no
sort of you know consideration for
credit quality and I think I think just
the tunnel vision of ignoring sort of
not only the risk units on that
particular deal but the risk units of of
what's around you and I think that's one
of the biggest mistakes that people make
and I don't know if people are surprised
by that. But it's very hard to evaluate
risk units if you're only looking at
through sort of one lens versus multiple
lenses. That's what we learned back in
2001 2002. We had all those 10 disparate
businesses where no one was talking to
each other and that's why they were
actually put together. I give David
Vineyard a ton of credit as one of the
probably the best CFO in my opinion ever
on Wall Street. He is one of my mentors.
He is exceptional. Like exceptional. But
we're the biggest investor out there
back in the late 90s and early 2000s.
And you know there was a bunch of loss
making businesses from all these
disparate principal investing business
and that's why Goldman put them under
one umbrella. I think that pattern of
not just thinking about things in a
siloed way versus being able to look
sort of the overall periphery. I think
that's what we're going to be talking
about sometime here in the next two to
three years
>> to continue to contextualize this notion
of units of risk today. What do you
think are some of the maybe overlooked
sources of risk in the system as you see
it since you get to see it from every
angle? This is early summer 25.
>> We have experts at Six Street like my
partners Marty Chavez who's on the board
of Google and Adam Korn and Rand Goldman
Sachs engineering who are experts on AI.
So, I'm not an expert in AI, but I think
one of the things that you've talked
about on your podcast is just just the
whole transition from sort of once the
productivity gains start to come,
there's obviously going to be job losses
and just the transition to sort of, you
know, remobilize capital and just how's
that going to work? How's that going to
work with the real economy? I don't
think enough people are talking about
it. my one of my good friends Jeff
Weiner, former CEO of LinkedIn. He's the
chairman. Him and I have been talking
about this for a while and I think for
the first time Anthropic CEO actually
came out and said something publicly. So
what I think what what I'm worried about
there is that we're so focused on
competing with uh the US stated against
you know other countries specifically
China um companies all the the the big
hypers you the the the magazine they're
all focused on competing with each other
and I don't think there's enough people
talking about about how we're going to
manage this transition as you know again
there's going to be lots of productivity
gains which I'm all for But there's not
enough talk about that. Like to me it's
like it should be code red people
talking about it and that's not
happened. So I'd say that's I'd say
that's one. I think the other thing and
I think it's a um it's an opportunity.
Look you look at the average uh wealth
investor. So the wealth channel which
I'm sure people have talked about on
your podcast. you know they're relative
to just a traditional in their private
portfolios they're underexposed to
private alternatives relative to say a
pension fund at call at 40% or an
endowment at 50%. So at 3 to 5% that
should probably go up. But again the
transition there's now everyone talks
about everyone's all about the wealth
channel everyone's talking about but the
transition to do that in a way that's
responsible to those wealth investors
those in market and I think you know
getting to the right structures so that
um you know that's done in a in in a
responsible way I think that is
something to watch out for. Jamie Gates,
Godfather, Six Street, one of the things
he taught me early on is like just
because you can raise capital doesn't
mean you should.
>> And I think that's, you know, just
because you can ra I think as a GP, as a
manager, just because you can raise it
in the wealth channel doesn't mean you
should. And I would espouse that advice
to all of our people in our industry.
>> So I want to keep telling your story. So
after Goldman, but before TPG, what were
you doing then? I I actually told David
Vineyard who was a mench in March 2008
that you know I just wanted to I wanted
to basically rebuild what we did at
Goldman but doing a more entrepreneurial
>> backdrop. Um I stayed through 2008 just
to make sure everything was well because
I wouldn't have felt good if
>> the rails would have come off like
there's no way I was going to leave
those guys at that time. And then, you
know, I took six months off, uh, got
married, went on a a honeymoon, but
before that really started building our
our basically constructing the idea of
Sixth Street and which was formulated in
a business plan called Project Austin.
And Project Austin laid out our values,
our culture, our investment philosophy,
all laid out our five-year strategic
plan, which is a big thing at Sixth
Street. We're now in our fourth
five-year strategic plan. We've been
doing that since day one of the firm.
And that sort of set out the idea of
Sixth Street. Uh TPG, we're set up a
little bit differently. So we were never
like employees of TPG. We never gave up
control of our business. We always
controlled investments, hiring
decisions. We were kind of a firm within
a firm. Uh TPG had a minority equity
stake and were great, you know, great
partners for uh you know, while we were
together. Uh but that's sort of how it
all started.
>> Say more about these consecutive
five-year plans. How do you how do you
do that? Our view on business building
is if you don't, you know, if you don't
have a compass, it's hard to know where
you're going. And more importantly, it's
hard to get everyone on your team
matched up with that five-year strategic
plan. We just finished our 5year
strategic plan. It's an 18-month
process, 200 pages. I mean, this is like
our hundreds and hundreds of hours of
all the partners debating, trying to
really narrow down, you know, what it
is, the direction of the firm. You know,
back we first started our 2015 plan,
what we wanted to be, and most recently
our 2030 plan. And you know we narrow it
down. We typically have like 80 ideas.
We narrow it down to sort of 40 you know
really what we call subplanks and those
are organized under sort of five
strategic planks. We'd actually just
present it to our entire firm. But we
try to do and this is something we're
learned at at Goldman is we basically
take that fiveyear strategic plan. We
break it up into one-year increments and
then we have every person at the firm do
their own personal business plans. And
what we always say, and this is from day
one, is that we want the summation of
all those personal business plans to
equal the five-year strategic plan. So
we're matching every single person in
the firm with the clear mission of what
we're trying to do and what we'd say in
our parlance climbing up the mount
mountain together. And that's just been
a process and it's something that we
take very seriously. Evidence by we
spent 18 months and hours and hours of,
you know, debating it and, you know,
thinking about what we want to be and
how we want to go about it. But it's
something we've been doing and it's our
it's our north star. It's our compass.
It's everything and you know it's it's
an important part of the process in the
business building of Six Street.
>> Can you talk us through the opening
chapter like chapter zero or the
prologue and chapter 1 back in 2009 or
so and and what was going on? What were
the what what the biggest challenges
were? I'm always interested in how these
firms get started
>> and um what challenges they have to
overcome because often those are like
the formative periods that then last a
long time. We're a valuesdriven firm. So
our values are, you know, number one,
the what we call our one life principle.
You have one life. Do you want to be
average or great? Everyone wants to be
great. So that's the first thing. But
then what that's really for is like we
want people that are allin. Like it's a
competitive world out there. Like we
want people that are allin. The second
thing, and this goes back to, you know,
one of the things we're talking about is
we want curious people that are
constantly learning, that actually are
constantly trying to grow. If you think
about the idea of having to develop new
themes every year and new ideas, like we
need entrepreneurial people. And then
the third thing is a one team culture.
So people that are over themselves, no
politics, no egos, no BS, just so we can
all talk to each other. So those are the
values. We always said we wanted to be
the largest startup in the industry.
Like that's literally day one. We want
people that can play tennis so they can
debate, you know, not the my baby's the
prettiest type people. And then the last
one, we want people, and this is on
culture, something my dad talked taught
me about facing the tiger. My dad's a
crazy person. He's like a black belt. Uh
yells at the TV. He's probably probably
listening this, but he's he's a pretty
tough guy, but he always taught me
growing up like you got to learn how to
face the tiger. And this whole idea of
like, you know, and by the way, when you
go to Six Street's offices, literally,
you get off the elevator, there's like a
big tiger just staring at you. There's
three elevators and no matter what
elevator you get off, it's like staring
at it's it's staring at you
>> a sculpture.
>> It's huge. It's like five feet. You got
you'll come to our offices one day. It's
it's easy to have a culture when things
are going well, but we the cultures are
defined when things go wrong. So, it's
like when something goes wrong or
there's a challenge, you go through
different things. Like most people are
like pointing their fingers at other
people or they're it's not my fault or
they're running away. At Sixth Street,
we're like, "Good, let's go." and we and
we say let's face the tiger together.
Look the first thing is like defining
values and culture and our investment
philosophy which we spoke about but then
for us like what's our genetic code we
want to be an investor first firm you
know we love investing we love this idea
this process we go through we love
meeting CEOs and management teams and
you know particularly today where it was
starting to happen back then like
there's a little bit of asset
aggregation now it's a completely
different thing our ethos and what we
want to be like we're investors like if
you talk to our partners the day we
become not an investor first firm we're
not here that's literally number one is
like everything our every review process
you know every person we hire is sort of
designed around we want people that love
to be investors so that multistrategy so
this idea of like the world's dynamic
it's always changing laying that part
out in terms of being a multi-strategy
investing firm migrating the best
relative risk units and return units
thinking about that and then the last
thing is just you know over overall you
know just that whole cross platform
collaboration at scale because our
business model doesn't work if we don't
have that crossplatform collaboration at
scale because otherwise information and
relationship get trapped in FFTs and
silos like six we have 10 investment
platforms all organically built
>> you know all the people the the business
leaders at each of our investment
platforms they all talk to each other
all the time you know we're all trying
to think about where where's the best
place to think about again comparing
sort of risk units and return units and
obviously places where we can be value
added partners the CEOs and management
teams.
>> What are the dimensions of facing the
tiger? Well, like if you were teaching a
college seminar on how to do this, what
would you tell the students?
>> Human beings natural reaction when
there's a problem and you can see this
in so many facets of life. The first
thing is to run. First thing is to run
particularly in our industry. The second
thing is like point like I've I saw this
happen in other groups at Goldman. I've
seen this happen in different companies
and I've have friends that have told me
stories is like you know all a sudden
there's a problem or there's a bad
investment and all a sudden everyone
starts to try to distance themsel from
that maybe point the finger at them so
it's not not them or some people get you
know just they freeze they start to get
hyperactive and they start to make rash
decisions. for us, you know, it's it's
good. Let's go. Like, let's go. We're
going to do it together. You know,
there's one of our worst investments of
all time. It was a plastic bottle
company. And I'll never forget it was
that it was the only time at Sixth
Street, knock on wood, we got defrauded.
U we made a structured equity investment
in a company. I won't say which one, but
a European company. And uh I'll never
forget, we were in the room in New York.
We're in a we're in like one of these
rooms with like 30 people. There was a
bunch of different investors, a big
company. We figured out that they had
like defrauded us and not only us, other
investors. And I'll never forget we went
to PJ Clarks in New York. Is that the
Hamburg?
>> And there were like five of us there and
we went over there uh all from different
groups because we all sort of we knew we
didn't know there was like a real pro.
We knew things were not going as well
and we basically went to PJ Clark's and
we're like, "Holy [__] what? Like, what
is going on here?" And and we're like,
"Okay, let's go. Steven Plus, you're
going to do this. Sam Ditter, you're
going to do this. I'll do this. Born,
you're going to do this." And we just
started doing we called in some other
people. We literally had a team of like
12 people, all different parts of the
firm, like just doing everything we
could. And the reality is, you know, we
ended up getting 50 cents on the dollar.
We should have gotten two cents and it
was all because like it was just like
game on. And that's what we do now. We
when things are going well, obviously
you don't have to to do that. But again,
what we what we always say, you know,
that's what defines cultures and you
have those moments of what are you going
to do in this situation? Are you going
to do the right thing? Are you going to
come together? Are you going to point
your finger at someone else? Like what
are you going to do? And our whole thing
is like let's face the tiger together.
and that's what we do.
>> I would love to tell the stories of the
Spotify and Airbnb investments that you
made because I I people know those names
so it's, you know, very relatable, but
also I think are good examples in the
mid2010s of a little bit later with
Airbnb of how you do business. So maybe
start with the Spotify one and just like
tell that story.
>> So first of all, we love Spotify as a as
a theme. Uh, you know, there's a lot we
we love live music. Uh, I love love I
grew up in Austin, Texas. It's hard not
to like live music when you grow up in
Austin, Texas. But, you know, great
product, great unit economics. But if
you remember in 2016,
there were starting to be a lot of
commentary about threats from Amazon,
Apple, and there was a little bit there
was a cloud over uh over the company at
that time. A lot of people don't
remember that. So, there's a little bit
of volatility in the markets, but more
importantly, people were worried about
the competitive threats. And look when
this came in as as an opportunity.
Obviously, we had a number of themes
like, you know, technology businesses or
software businesses that we thought had
really good unit economics, this was
like one of the tops of the list. So,
that was at a time when they were still
going through they weren't producing
cash flow. So, they're still uh uh you
know, still creating cash flow losses
and you know, they needed they need some
liquidity. So, our investor group
stepped in. We gave them a billion
dollar financing uh you know,
convertible instrument. You know,
obviously spent time with Daniel. It
takes one second to figure out that guy
is generational. Um, the rest of the
team that Daniel had put around him was
great. Barry McCarthy uh at the time was
the CFO, really smart guy. And then
everyone we met on the management team,
again, going back to what we talked
about, Sixth Street, mission align, they
had values, they had a culture. Like it
was very clear everyone was on the same
page. And by the way, it's sometimes in
companies like you go in and you talk to
the CFO and what's the vision and that's
different than the CEO, different than
the head of revenue. And for them, it
was just very clear that they were just
dialed in. They obviously had first
mover advantage and at the time you
obviously ended up being a great
investment for us, but it was a little
bit contrarian when when we made the
investment.
>> Maybe say a little bit more about the
security itself. I'm just so curious how
you because you can operate in any part
of the capital structure or whatever.
like you said, I'm always curious like
the actual way you did it.
>> So on that one, what they were trying to
solve is at the time they didn't want to
raise common equity because of the
competitive threat from Amazon and Apple
or perceived I should say it was ended
up didn't turn out to be perceived
because the market volatility they
didn't want to sell equity because it
was going to be at a lower equity than
the last round. So they were looking for
more of like a a whiteboard solution and
that's literally literally Barry
McCarthy whiteboard what are we doing?
He had certain principles and we just
tried to solve around those principles
and that came up with it was a
convertible debt instrument. It had a
cap. I think the cap was at $25 billion.
It had some a current yield component
and then obviously the whole idea was to
bridge them to get public. So it was
like a preipo security to bridge them
through that and you know ultimately you
know it it was successful and went way
through the cap
>> which created one a win solution for
them because they got to their IPO which
they were very focused on doing for a
whole bunch of reasons and for us it you
know worked out but we just again it was
you know it was almost like an
engineering and whiteboarding and again
a lot of times the ideas aren't we're
giving them hey here's the holy grail
idea it's from just talking, playing
tennis, asking questions, and listening.
And that's that's literally what we do.
That's what we train our team to do is
how to how to ask questions, how to
listen. That's literally the process
that we went to went through with the
other investors.
>> Before we get to the Airbnb story, can
you talk about Tao and the unique nature
of this like massive pool of capital
that you've created that can do whatever
it wants? Because I'm always fond of
this idea that what you end up getting
from an investor reflects their capital
base. um who it is, the duration, the
terms like they then ship their capital
base in the form of investments. And so
I think understanding TA and the overall
structure is important. When we were
setting doing project Austin, which is
our original business plan, we studied,
we literally studied every GP like we
had case studies on every single GP,
what they did right, what they did
wrong, and we also spent a lot of time
on figuring out, you know, and I won't
name them, some of the GPS that were big
brand names and then just kind of
faltered away. What we sort of concluded
and this is a pretty obvious thing now
but is that where people get into
trouble as they raise larger and larger
funds in a strategy that maybe it's the
right time to raise a larger fund but
maybe it's not it just it what's the
opportunity set so they kept raising
larger and larger funds and we didn't
want to have that pressure so the way we
and this is getting to tal we wanted to
design our architecture 6G which is
different than any GP out there at least
the ones that I as an investor first
architecture and what we did is although
we have 10 investment platforms at Six
Street each one of the platforms so
think about our growth our growth
business if we didn't have TA we'd
probably raise an $8 billion fund
because we want to you know we want to
be able to do the larger deals but
because we have TA we want to keep the
fund sizes to the level of the
opportunity but we also want to be able
to do the largest deals in the market I
mean we want to be able to do the
billion$2 billion we're one of the few
handful of firms in the world that can
consistently write billiondoll plus
checks across asset classes. But
architecturally, we keep our investment
platforms funds at modest sizes. So
matched to whatever the opportunity is
over whatever the investment horizon of
that fund. And then we have this vehicle
called TAL on top which is effectively
in our words was like the synthetic when
we first raised it the synthetic Goldman
Sachs balance sheet which could do
anything. Obviously with the same
principles that we've had for the last
25 years when we started 25 plus years
we started investing at Goldman. But
that gives us the ability in a growth
deal. Let's say a Spotify let's say the
next Spotify deal comes and let's say
it's a $2 billion deal. Well, if we only
have a $4 billion growth fund or $3
billion growth fund, there's no way
we're going to be able to do that in the
growth fund. But by having a $30 billion
fund sort of over the top sitting on
across the entire firm, we have the
ability to keep the fund sizes small but
at the same time speak to the larger
deals and then also anything that
doesn't fit within any of our investment
platforms, we have the flexibility to do
that. TA is flexible from asset classes.
So it's got everything in there, real
estate, infrastructure, private credit,
growth, mostly private, but has the
ability to public. It can go anywhere in
the duration spectrum. So it could do,
you know, a two to three year
investment, but we have investments in
there like with Real Madrid. We have a
strategic partnership with Real Madrid
and also a strategic partnership with FC
Barcelona. We're probably the only
people in the world that actually have
partners with, you know, Real Madrid and
FC Barcelona because they trust us. But
we're, you know, those those extend
further than 10 years. So we have
maximum flexibility. You're
unconstrained because again that's what
we learned at Goldman. The the the world
is dynamic. It's always changing and you
need that flexibility because you never
know at that particular time or this
particular environment where's the best
sort of opportunity is going to be. We
always want to have that flexibility to
migrate to wherever the best
opportunities are. And that's kind of
how we think about it. But it's a really
I think the most important thing about
TAL is that it's consistent with who we
are as a firm and our ethos about we
want to we want to be an investor first
firm.
>> Okay. Now let's go back to Airbnb
because I think this is like a classic
you know early co example of the returns
to flexibility.
>> We were one of the few firms in the
world playing offense at the beginning
of co and the reason we're playing
offense because we had a good defense
and we had again very similar to what we
saw in 0607. We started to see those
same dynamics going back to we talked
about sort of tunnel vision of
investing. We started to see some of
those same dynamics in 18 and 19. You
know, we couldn't have called COVID, but
again, things were getting skewed in a
sort of in a a wrong way. So, we we
protected the the portfolio. We're in a
position to play offense. So, I'd say
that's that's kind of the first thing.
The second thing is right when COVID
hit, we went around and said like what
are the best business models in the
world that are most impacted by CO? And
we did literally this is like think
about 60 people across six street
working weekends all day every day
trying to figure out like where we what
what what are our theme you know our 15
to 25 themes before co obviously we
threw that out the door and what are our
next 15 to 25 themes and at the part of
this was like one of the themes there
was like best business models most
impacted by co so Airbnb great business
model if you remember at the time again
another, you know, generational CEO and
founder, Brian Chesy. There's a lot of
negative press on Brian Chesy at the
time, which was, by the way, unfair and
unwarranted, but there's a whole bunch
of stuff, and this is all public going
on at the board. And that was that
didn't deer us. So, we literally started
calling into, you know, calling into the
board, people we knew on the board,
calling in the bankers, like just trying
to get anyway because we didn't have a
pre-existing relationship with Brian,
but we knew people that were around him.
And, you know, ultimately came in and
that was an interesting time because
that the thing that Brian did that was
really smart. He did a lot of things
that were smart. The way he operated
through that and the first time we met
him on a we were on like a Zoom call
with like 30 squares or 25, I don't
know. He must had like he had a lot of
advisors and despite all that he his
values, the mission, the principles were
all the same. We talked about a lot of
special humans today. Daniel and Brian
spey special humans, but um they wanted
to fortify their balance sheet so they
could play offense. So we we and uh our
friends over at Silverlake basically
gave him a billion dollars um a billion
dollar financing. It was in a loan form.
um this all public had some uh warrants
attached to it. Um and you know ended up
getting them through the period.
Obviously things started to get better
but the most important thing after that
happened they were be able to start
playing offense versus playing defense.
And I think the other thing it did is it
really solidified I think what we
already knew that Brian was such a great
leader and he was able to get this done.
I'm curious again in your framework
about what the unique units of risk were
in that specific transaction relative to
those returns.
>> First of all, we had to be right on the
business model. So look, we had a from
afar, we wanted to make sure that the
business model what it was. Um the
second thing is they wanted to get it
done in seven days. So we had a team at
Sixth Street in Asia, a team at Sixth
Street in the US, a team at Sixth Street
in Europe, literally working
>> handing off the work.
>> Handing off the No, no, really handing
off the work.
>> That's cool.
>> There wasn't a vaccine or anything. So
our view is for us it was as much about
the fundamentals of the business as it
was how much how much liquidity runway
can they have? And we had to make the
bet with that liquidity runway that
something, you know, there would be a
cure, something would get better. and
basically gave him and they obviously
had a lot of leverage to manage the
business, but it gave them up to like
four or five years of liquidity. And our
whole thing was like if we go to four or
five our if we go to four if we if we go
to three years of this like by the way
this led to another theme on sports and
live entertainment because we learned
that we like experiences like humans
like experiences. But that was our
analysis. So the fundamental business
analysis, make sure everything in the
unit economics were what we thought.
Obviously the team making sure that the
management team and the co were what we
thought. But the other thing it was
really a liquidity analysis and then
making that sort of you know not in the
spreadsheet judgment which sometimes you
have to do that was as much of a risk
unit as anything is like the liquidity
analysis to make sure that you know how
how much how much runway do they have.
Do you try typically to boil things down
to a simple bet like that so that you
understand it in in simple terms and
you're not like creating too much
complexity where it doesn't
>> well we like complex we like complex
things but in terms of like the ultimate
call I mean we do all the fundamental
anal you know fundamental analysis but
ultimately investments come down to
three or four or five things and we try
to figure out I wouldn't say we simplify
the overall investment but we try to
simplify what are the three or four or
five things that matter and we know
those things inside out. We also
understand and this is the other thing
investors do people only think about
sort of explicit risks. They don't think
about implicit risk. So we always try to
put that lens on it. What are the
implicit risks that we're assuming away?
One of them in the case of Airbnb was
like we're assuming away that uh that
there will be a cure. We can't all be
locked in our houses forever. We were
willing to take that risk but we had to
think about that because that was that
was part part of the investment. But
ultimately it comes down to three or
four or five things. So I'd say yes,
simplify things, but it it's really
always comes down to those three or
three to five things.
>> When you think about what success means
for the whole firm from a return and
risk standpoint, how do you think about
it? Like is the ultimate comparable for
units of risk and return like the S&P
500 or something like what is there is
there an explicit goal of like we exist
to beat this thing or provide our
investors with something more than this?
Look, our our investors have
expectations, but ultimately we're an
absolute return investor. But sometime
if you just take an extreme example,
let's say that every single asset, this
is every single asset class is flooded
with liquidity. Maybe that's not the
right time to invest. And sometimes the
best best thing you can do as an
investor is not invest. But in terms of
like returns, it really depends on the
level of risk units. You know sometimes
like in 2017 we saw 20% 15 to 20% deals
but they the risk was too far out on the
risk spectrum. So we said listen we're
going to accept we that that's too much
risk for even though that return is
there and some people kept doing that
and by the way some of it you know
worked out well until co but we try to
literally think about again the
environment that we're in and what
things are giving us and obviously you
know also our investors have you know a
set of criteria for each fund that we
try to meet that expectation as well.
I'm very intrigued by the fact that some
of the great go anywhere investors
gravitate towards sports at some point.
Talk about the Real Madrid, FC Barcelona
transactions, what you're doing, why
you're involved in the what you like
about that space.
>> This is a theme coming off of COVID live
experience, sports and live experiences.
So 2020,
everyone we obviously know what
happened, but a lot of the investments
in sport teams you weren't actually able
to do as an institution. So once COVID
happened and all these big franchises,
you know, their revenues went from to
zero, like people weren't going people
weren't going to games. They had still
had some of their media deals, but it
went to zero. So for the first time
ever, they started to reach out to
institutional partners. Our whole thesis
in sports is the biggest global brands
in the world. And our whole thesis in
sports and we can talk about live
entertainment is that these are
historically local brands and because of
technology because you can be on your
phone and you can actually watch
anywhere in the world. You can be a
Dallas Cowboy fan Australia and watch or
Real Madrid fan in China and watch that
whole local to global. That was our
thesis. So we literally just started
through our relationships calling on the
top global sports franchises in the
world. You know, now we've got, you
know, San Francisco Giants. We're
partner with the Dallas Cowboys and New
York Yankees. The biggest brands in the
world, FC Barcelona and Real Madrid. We
started calling on building
relationships. I mean, the deal with
Real Madrid was they wanted to do
business with them with us and we wanted
to do business with them and it was
literally again a whiteboarding
exercise. that structure we did with
Real Madrid where we basically formed a
joint venture with them or partner with
them on their stadium renovation which
is the Burnaba.
>> Yeah. So they that use of funds
>> that was a use of funds but you know we
formed like a real like a company that
sort of owned the stadium assets but
that was all again a whiteboarding
exercise. When they came to us they had
an idea we had an idea and it was
literally multiple whiteboard sessions
to come up with that structure and now
that structure you know a number of
people have tried to deploy that
structure elsewhere. FC Barcelona again
because of COVID that it impacted their
financials they needed to do something.
Joan Leaporta again the Joan Laora in
incredible human as well by the way as
well as Florentino two people I've
become friends with through the Real
Madrid and uh FC Barcelona process they
were trying to pull levers to basically
be able to keep their roster together
because their view was if we lose our
roster dur like key components of the
roster we won't be able to stay
competitive and you can see how they've
done since since then. That's sort of
how those deals came about. So, if you
think about like the stadium one as an
example, there's this interesting push
and pull like they know the money they
need and for what um they're probably
optimizing for, you know, giving up the
least or finding great partners or
whatever and there's some minimum return
that you need to get interested.
>> What What is that like pushand pull
process like at the whiteboard? How do
you communicate to them like this is
what we ult are the things that we need
to get there?
>> First of all, what are they trying to
solve?
>> Yeah.
>> What structures? They didn't want to do
debt. So, we had to do a a effectively
an equity joint venture with them. So,
we come up with solutions. We price
those solutions. We say, "Look, here's
option A. Here's option B. Here's option
C." They say, "We kind of like a
combination of option A and option B."
Like, okay. We go back to the drawing
board. We come back and we say, "Here's
here's a hybrid of option A and option
B," which is kind of what happened on
that deal.
>> What are those levers like in those
different options? like what are the
what are the key levers
>> for every deal? They're different.
There's, you know, if it's a if it's an
equity deal, obviously price, um if it's
a a hybrid deal where it's convertible
deal, there's a yield component and a a
strike component. If it's just a a
private credit deal, it's just a yield
component. You know, sometimes when
we're doing joint venture, we're we're
like what are the value added
operations? In that case, we're one of
our portfolio companies, Legends, is
providing service to them that is
helping them uplift their premium
offering within the stadium. So, we
underwrote that and put our money where
our mouth was on that. So, in each deal,
the levers are different. And that's
that's the thing. It's a whiteboard
because every deal we've got a toolkit,
which we've been using for 25 plus
years, but we can we feel like we can
price anything that's not binary. Stroke
of the pen risk and then it's got to got
to work for them. or if it doesn't work
for them, we go back to the drawing
board and try to construct something
that does work for them. But again, in
all these deals, you see it's like where
it all takes place is the whiteboard and
it's not what we initially proposed to
them or what they initially propose.
It's that sort of partnership with, you
know, CEOs and management teams.
>> So, in this case, there's a stadium
that's mapped onto a bigger organization
that produces lots of revenue and has
lots of streams of revenue, etc. Are you
always kind of looking through to some
underlying holistic whole thing and and
figuring out how the joint venture that
you own equity in benefits because the
stadium by itself is just a thing. So
the ticket sales or something is the and
the revenue associated with the stadium
itself becomes the thing that the joint
venture
>> Yeah. So in that in that case you got
premium VIP suites, you have you know
food and beverage but premium offerings.
Um, you have a museum like if if you've
ever go to the Bernaba, there's an
incredible museum of all the all the
history. Yeah.
>> You know, it's the premium tickets, but
in all these deals,
>> there's different levers depending on
what what it is. In this case, it's a
perimeter of assets, but it could be the
whole company. Yeah. you know, we did
the uh a firm a firm, you know, Max
Levchin's company,
>> you know, we did a $20 billion
partnership with them where we formed a
joint venture with them so they could
originate more assets and have more
operating leverage. So, that one again,
my partner uh uh Mike Michael Dryden who
runs our asset based finance business
has known Max a long time gets on a
whiteboard, they start mapping it out.
It's not like you can pull it off the
shelf. I mean, you all of most of our
deals you can't just pull off a shelf.
It's right brain. That's why when I say
one of our core principles that
independent thinking stay away from the
group think just think differently.
>> What is the process by which you develop
the 15 to 20 themes at any given point
in time?
>> At any one time we have 50 to 60 themes
bubbling through six street because
remember we have 10 investment platforms
to figure each have a couple.
>> You each have you know five. So they're
constantly bubbling and then from that
there's really good themes but they're
not actionable.
A good theme is it's it's got to be it's
got to be actionable. So, so we sort of
narrow it down to 15 to 25 things. Where
those come from, it's from, you know,
sector knowledge. We have 16 different
sector franchise. So, each of those
sectors is doing primary research about
their ecosystems, thinking about not
only what is that ecosystem look like
today, but what's it going to look like
tomorrow? So there's there's research,
some of it's we've got a whole bunch of
long-standing relationships with CEOs
and management teams and they'll call
say, "Hey, we're seeing this in our
sector. We're seeing this in our
business or we're seeing this. So, hey,
that's interesting. Let's sort of follow
it up." Sometimes we're looking at a
company and investing in a company and
we're looking at that's an okay business
and then we look at the supplier to that
company like, "Wow, that's actually, you
know, the supplier is actually more
interesting than the company we're
looking at." or we're looking at a
company and this c one of the customers
more interested and then the last thing
is just sometimes like all of a sudden
you start to see like three deals like
data centers you start to see that and
you're like what's you know what's
obviously that's not a good example
because we started doing data centers
back in 2017 with with air trunk which
we can talk about because that's a
company we started literally started
with a white sheet of paper uh which is
actually just got by Blackstone for I
think I think $16 billion or something
like that so it comes top down, bottom
up and sometime we just have a view on
something and we'll you know we'll start
doing a bunch of you know primary
research but a lot of it's through
primary research through relationships
but it comes from everywhere. It's not
it's not one place. It's everywhere. And
that's the whole point of our firm is
that because there's no silos and no fee
dumps. All those things get circulating
up. All a sudden we see a theme from our
you know our power our power people. We
have team that all they do is power our
our data comps people data
communications and we see a comp from
our real estate people. And this is kind
of just the what's going on with AI the
constraint of power. Putting all this
under one umbrella like hey let's have
you guys all work together on this. What
are your favorite like two or three
themes right now? The ones that
personally animate you the most. I
>> we have 25 themes running through the
platform right now. So I'll just give
you a few of them. Um number one is you
know partnering with big companies, big
corporates to help advance their
business. So a firm we talked about you
know thinking about partnering with
asset asset originators and banks to
basically help their origination help
their uh their operating leverage. So
that's that's I'd say that's a big thing
in our asset based finance business. Uh
our real estate business, you know, just
again the idea of people getting older,
wealth tech. So we talked about the the
wealth space. Again, the percentage of
wealth of private alternatives and
wealth that's going to go up. There's a
whole bunch of services and technology
around. So I'd say wealth tech is one.
sports and live entertainment. We've
talked about we talked about the sports
piece, but again, live entertainment,
the one thing we learned during COVID is
that people like experiences, they value
experiences more, you know, as you know,
from the younger generations. I know for
my kids, they could care less about
material things. They just want
experiences. So, that that is a big
theme for us and you'll continue to s
see us do more than that, but those are
the bigger ones. Given how big this has
all become, assets, number of people,
strategies, investments, how do you
spend your own time on individual
investments versus on people and on
teams? Like because obviously you love
investing, you know, the investment by
investment level detail,
>> but there's way too much for you to like
keep in your head at any one point in
time. So, what does your week look like?
>> My partners that run the 10 different
investment platform, they're great
investors. They're great investors. like
they're like just being on when we first
started the firm and investment
committee I was very vocal probably 20
30% of the conversation you know again
other maybe even in some cases more than
that and each year that's gone by you
know people just keep growing and again
these are great investors um and I just
less and less and to the point now on
investment committee I have views I have
things but it's very rare where there's
some issue or something we're thinking
about or some way to create value in a
particular company where through the
course of all the conversation
investment committee I can just sit
there because everything that I would
have said or would have asked has
already been asked and a lot of cases
asked better than I would have asked and
I'm on all the investment committees or
on the big investment committee some of
the smaller deals I I don't get involved
with but again I'm sitting there just
watching my partners you know just
listening I'm watching a tennis I'm
watching David Vineyard it's kind of
what David Viner used to do it's Yeah.
>> Watching a tennis match and again not
only listening to the partners but also
some of the junior people or mid-level
people sometimes the best best ideas
come from them. I'll get involved with
one or two deals a year like a deal like
Airbnb I was the you know the front
person you know deal like Real Madrid
with you know my partner Rich Botti I'll
get get involved with. So some of the
deals like the bigger deals I'll step in
and and and get actively involved. But
in general, we have a great team, not
only with the partners, but the next
generation, the next generation. In
terms of running the business,
obviously, I think a lot about our
strategic plan and executing the core
strategic priorities. So, I try to think
about big boulders and there's, you
know, five big boulders. I'm always, you
know, generally very related to our
strategic plan. I'm maniacally focus on
that. I got a lot of en excessive amount
of energy as you might be able to tell.
What I try to do is first and foremost
is keep the culture because without our
culture, we don't have our culture is
everything. We don't have our investing
business. So I'm if I see something not
working the way it is or some deal
doesn't get passed to another group or
some relationship doesn't do that in an
unfettered way like it's so
counterculture to like hive
relationships or not call people back or
not help people even though it's a deal
not related to your particular sector.
It's so I'm trying to make that very
counterculture. If I see people like you
know you know not acting which doesn't
happen a lot like with ego which doesn't
happen or something that's like not a
team way I'll pull them aside and I'll
be like that's not how we do it here and
and I'm mania I'm like maniacal about
that because again it's not just culture
and abstract it's how we actually
execute our our business model and
deliver great outcomes for LPs. And then
the last thing I try to do is what I
call toggle like a hawk. So I got the
right people in the right seats. They
bought into the culture. They're good
investors. They're good managers and
leaders. You know, they know what we're
doing. They know what we're trying to
solve. They're willing to work with
other groups. We have really good
reporting. So that's one thing I learned
at Goldman is like just reporting
reporting like just like communication
and not fancy reporting. So I always
know what's going on. And then obviously
I talk to I talk to probably 20 or 30
people a day throughout the firm. I'm
constantly my average conversation is
probably two or three minutes. But I I
literally talk to people all day all the
time just to fill what's going on. And
if there's ever a situation where I need
to go 10,000 ft deep, I'll go 10,000 ft
deep, but then I try to go back up so I
can s just see everything that's going
on because if I'm 10,000 feet deep every
day, I'm not doing my job. And that's
kind of how I think about it. But those
are really how how I spend my time. But
the reality is we have great set of
partners. A lot of the partners we've
worked together for, you know, 20 20
plus years. We have shared values like
first principles on doing business the
right way. So a lot of those first
principles are already in place because
we've worked together for so long. We
all know what we're doing and we all
kind of buy into the mission of what
we're trying to do. And I just again for
me keeping the culture the way it is and
making those type of behaviors that's
life is too short you know that that
that's one of the things I I just try to
protect that with everything.
>> All these fascinating stats that are
coming out of Paul put out that stat
about the percent of companies north of
100 million of revenue that are private
is like 93% or something like that. It
just seems like the the private markets
and let's say the allocation um of an
average high net worth, you know, wealth
advisor client or something is 3%, it's
going to 30% or whatever. Um maybe they
overshoot and that's the problem and
then they have a liquidity crisis and
that's the problem. But I'm just curious
for your commentary on it's amazing to
me how few net new pure public equity
investors I interview. Like it's it's
kind of a dying breed. Well, it's kind
of ironic when you step back and think
about it. You basically have all these
public companies. It's all going, you
know, there's there's less public
companies. It's going more private. But
now you have all these trends of people
trying to take ETFs on private
companies. So, it's almost like a
>> it's a little bit circular. It's a
little bit it's a little bit circular.
>> It's a little bit circular, but that
that's that's really interesting when
you start thinking about ETFs and now
there's going to be trading, you know,
private capital. You start to see all
this. So all this stuff is a little bit
circular, but it's a real dynamic and I
think it's something that anyone that's
thinking about investing and thinking
about capital allocation needs to, you
know, take real note of, you know, these
dynamics because they're real dynamics.
And by the way, I think for some of the
traditional sovereign wealth funds and
and and pension funds, you know, they've
had sort of unfettered access to GPS and
I think that they've got more
competition coming in from the wealth
channel and insurance channel. So, it's
going to be interesting to see how all
that plays out.
>> I think like anything, you know, the
very best GPS are a lot better than the
average ones. This is the way the same
the best companies are a lot better than
the average ones. It's an interesting
point that they may have to compete. The
best LPS will have to compete for the
best GPS in the same way the GPS do for
companies.
>> It's starting to happen. I mean, you're
starting to see with some of the larger
LPs that are the traditional sovereign
wealth funds or pitch funds, they're
looking for access.
They're looking for access because
they're worried about access in the
future because they see what's
happening. They see, you know, all this
wealth capital coming in. I mean there's
not an earnings call where people aren't
talking about sort of the growth of the
wealth channel and how much money
they're raising the wealth channel
obviously seeing the insurance. So I
think access to your best GPS we're
those conversations are accelerating
because again ultimately everything's a
choice of alternatives and I think that
dynamic is an is is is the other part of
this. In addition to the the beautiful
get over yourself, people that are over
themselves spurs idea, are there other
outside sources of inspiration that have
really fueled your thinking? Um people,
mentors,
um icons like Papovic, any anyone else
that has really like cemented the way
you view the world that we haven't
talked about? You know, when I got to
Goldman Sachs, you I met Jody on the
airplane and I showed up to Goldman
Sachs. I didn't know anything about
finance. And, you know, I remember going
to the first, you know, analyst session
with all these like super smart kids
and, you know, from the best schools,
all 4.0's and, you know, just super, you
know, just super intimidating.
And uh I had something very fortunate
and also one of the most impactful
things in my professional career happen
is that when I we first started there
was a bank called Amresco in in Dallas,
Texas and they were failing and they
needed to raise liquidity. So I got
tasked to basically lead the evaluation
of buying a portfolio of loans from a
group called RTV Ventures. RTV Ventures.
Uh, so as part of Amresco is basically a
bunch of loans to radio and TV
companies.
>> And back then, this is before like
direct lending or private credit. It was
because there was a lot of asset value
to the radio stations and TV stations,
but they had no cash flow. A traditional
bank couldn't, you know, couldn't
finance them. So what these guys had
done, this is a little pocket in this
big bank called Amresco. They basically
had gone out and given these companies
first lean loans at like 15% coupons and
warrants for 10 to 30% of the company
which was you know you can imagine it's
breaking my brain and they called it you
know stick value but the you know they
would take a radio station a TV station
where the stick value where these things
traded they were sold all the time of
say $200 million and they would lend
like the first $50 million. So from
their perspective, going back to sort of
risk units, they were the first 25% of
the value of the company in a first lean
loan, which at the time just it kind of
broke my brain. And the guy who ran that
was a guy named Steven Plus. And
Stephven Plus um who's now Six Street's
chief risk officer, he's about 15 years
older than me. We ended up buying the
portfolio um and it's about $400 million
portfolio and I was basically in charge
of the portfolio and Stephen's this slow
talking Texas guy who you meet him and
you're like this guy is he going to get
out the Senates or not and but he's one
of the smartest guys out there and the
fact I got a job at Goldman Sachs is
just pretty pretty pretty lucky. Uh and
he basically for a year in ch really two
years taught me finance, taught me
investing, taught me about risk units,
taught me everything. Taught me about
how to go through documents. And
literally I I I look back to it now. He
was 15 years older than me. Here's some
kid comes down from even though I was
Texan, I was coming down from a you know
a New York firm. Now, I still had a
little bit of my southern accent back
then, which got beat out of me by all my
friends in college. And um you know, and
here's this guy literally answering
every every every week, every day 500,
you know, just question after question.
I used to have these yellow notepads
like this, but they were bigger. And I
literally would write down my 10
questions for Stephen Plus for the day,
and I'd literally call him and ask him.
And literally that whole process of him
like teaching me about investing and how
to think about risk, how to think about
return and just all that, it literally
led to what made my career the start of
my career at Goldman. Um where I started
running businesses when I was like 25
years old. Um because that that whole
idea with with Stephen is you know from
from that I said I I started to say like
wait a second I know you're these are
really high rates of return and when I
started to actually understand what it
was but couldn't you sort of take other
businesses that are good businesses that
banks for whatever reason won't lend to
because they've got a very specific
credit box and still earn you know a
good return but not that high and then
have a much bigger TAM and could you do
that in the middle market? And I
technically wrote it, but Stephen helped
me write it. Wrote a business plan when
I was like 23 or 24 years old. And that
business plan was basically to do middle
market direct lending, which at the time
Goldman Sachs had never done,
>> first of all, direct lending didn't
exist. It wasn't a word. And Goldman
Sachs had never done anything in the
middle market.
>> And that's when, by the way, this is
when I first met David Vineyard. But I
just said look we this could be new
clients for Goldman. This could be again
we could go out instead of earning a you
know on that portfolio they were like
30% returns on first le maybe it's like
10 to 12% or 13 or eight you know
something less than that but again doing
something outside of credit box but on
good assets or good businesses and that
business at 24 years old I went to
present to Hank Pollson Lloyd Blankfine
David Vayner the executive committee and
that was the first time that Goldman
ever got in the middle market is through
that um by the way that business is now
I think it's over you know Julian
Salbury one of my partners told me it's
over $50 billion now
>> wow
>> but it all happened because this guy
Steven plus
>> took the time
>> took the time answered all those
question would have never happened and
by the way most people in that situation
would have here's some kid coming down
by the and and and that just taught me
about developing people and that taught
me the importance of development because
I saw what happened to me and that's
always put so much emphasis
on developing the younger generation.
You know, age is just a number. It's
like get people that buy in the culture,
work hard, that are intellectually
curious, ask questions. But that whole
thing and then that really changed
everything. But it really taught me a
commitment to developing. I mean, some
of the, you know, a couple of my
partners, Bornea Mogbell and Matt
Dillard, they were associates when they
joined six on the first day, and I've
been working with them every day since.
And I love I love doing it. It just
taught me to do that. And we try to do
that across Six Street. By the way,
today whenever there's someone who I
think at Sixth Street and people know
they are that I feel like is could needs
development or could be better at
reaching their potential. Guess who I
had him work with?
>> Steven Plus.
>> Pretty amazing.
>> It's a it's incredible. But that that
was one of the most selfless selfless
acts and it changed changed my life. My
friend Ravi Gupta has my favorite
framework for this development concept
which is uh demanding and supportive is
like the orientation he wants to have
towards people. How do you think about
the framework for developing people and
talent?
>> That guy's a smart guy that that podcast
he did with him. That was I had like 20
people. I thought that was a great one.
He's a super talented. Look, for me it's
it starts with caring. You have to
authentically care for that person and
you have to authentically care for their
development. Like to me like that's one
two three and what I always tell you
know all our leaders all the time is
like first of all you got to care and I
you got to be proactively as part of
your day and part of your week and part
of your month thinking about how do I
develop this person what are their
strengths what are the weaknesses how do
we do that and by the way that's why we
have this personal business plan that we
make everyone do but it's not only we
have everyone in the firm do it part of
the process not only have them do it but
part the other part of the process is
having them go to their leaders and
really sit down with them to sort of
identify that. So for me, it's like
being intentional. It's being
deliberate, but you got to have a plan
because that you can't do it in an
abstract. You got to be very explicit.
And the way I think about the personal
business plans is every year you have a
personal business plan. Everyone's the
format of everyone's personal business
plan the same. The content's different.
You have five things or three things on
your listing to improve. You knock down
70% of them. That's part of your
toolkit. You leave the ones that you
didn't knock down for the next year.
those those go to the next year and then
you add two more. You do that for 20
years, you're going to have a and you're
deliberate about it and you keep notes
like you do on the yellow notepad and
you're intentional about it. Those
people by the time they get to 20,
they're going to be very they're going
to be optimizing their return on time
because they've such got such a wide
toolkit uh to go through. And by the
way, the correlator to that is allows
them to spend more quality time with
their family and their kids. I think too
many oftentimes people try to skip steps
and the whole purpose of these personal
business plans is the intentionality to
really knock them off and be deliberate
but it's not just you're not on an
island you're in partnership with
whoever your leader of that particular
investment platform is and that's how we
think about we literally run that
process every over and over and again we
say look shoot high because if you're if
you're doing a 100% of your plan of what
you're trying to work on you're probably
not aiming high enough but try to knock
down 7 75% and keep adding to it and
you'll wake up one day and your future
self will thank you because you get to
spend more time with your kids and go to
all their sports games like I do today.
>> Is the retention like crazy high at
Sixth Street?
>> We've never lost a partner at Sixth
Street.
>> Crazy.
>> Never lost a partner.
>> And think that's all culture.
>> Maybe after this podcast we will, but
because all you got so many listeners,
but u and you could argue, you know, may
maybe we should have lost some. You
know, maybe there's a criticism there,
but we just try to make it an envir
there's different forms of compensation.
I think sometimes in our industry,
everyone thinks about one form of
compensation, which is monetary, but we
always talk about there's like who you
work with compensation. There's like
what's your culture like compensation?
There's like are you getting developed
compensation? You know, there's
opportunity. Do you have sort of white
space in front of you compensation? We
try to take a more holistic view to that
and we coach that. And look, people like
to work there and we don't have
[__] you know, we don't we don't we
don't tolerate it. Will that pop up
every once in a while where someone gets
really you two people get intense and
then disagree? That happens as long as
it's like it's like with respect and
dignity and again people getting intense
but that's not what we're doing because
again our business model is predicated
on people working together not having
fems and silos. So they all work
together share information share
relationships that's our business. I
mean that is literally the essence of
our business model. That's why we're so
focused on it.
>> Say more about this concept of future
self.
>> When I grew up my I was very fortunate
that my parents you know we didn't grow
up with a lot but they always spent a
lot of time with me.
>> Yeah.
>> They were always present at all my
sports games. They were just always
there. So,
you know, when I started, you know,
working at Goldman, I had that in my
mind from literally from the be vividly
in my mind. It's like whenever I had
kids, I didn't know when,
>> I wanted to be able to be very present
with them. And my my idea was and it
goes back to those yellow piece of paper
is that if I build the biggest toolkit
possible, if I invest all the time now
prior to when I when I when I have kids
and a family and a wife that I will be
able to spend maximum time with them.
>> So that was I had a bunch of
motivations. There's a bunch. But that
was one of the things is like I was
always thinking about my future self.
Not from a business perspective or
career perspective, but that I could
spend more time with my kids whenever
that these kids don't exist by the way.
So this is just like a future self. And
my idea was like it's all about return
on time because investing is
overwhelming. You could literally spend
>> there's so much it never ends. There's
like you could spend all day on you know
half a deal. Like it never ends. So my
idea is like I need to be able to be the
most efficient at return on time. The
way I want to be efficient at return on
time, sift through, know what know what
you like, have the biggest toolkit
possible and I got to build that toolkit
as much as possible. That's why I
started doing my own personal business
plans when I when I was, you know, just
started in the business. But it was
always with the mindset of my future
self. So that when I got to that point,
I could be a good husband, be a good
dad, and be present like my parents
were. So that's what whenever I talk to
you know our incoming associates or you
know new people at the firm I always
talk about it's like think about your
future self like yeah go have you got to
have fun but the more time you put in
now when you don't have you know a
spouse and kids you're going to
basically you're going to basically set
yourself up where you can spend more
time. I think some people, you know,
mortgage the future a little bit by
having, again, you got to have fun, but
too much fun where you could have a
little bit less fun and spend more time
building your toolkit so you could spend
more time with your family when it
happened. And that that was kind of
always a motivation for why I was so
focused on those yellow notepads and
just that future self and that that
moment. Again, just to be clear because
I have friends probably listen. Just to
be clear, I did have fun, but I was also
like thinking ahead about that future
self.
>> If I apply future self to Sixth Street,
to the whole thing,
>> and you think five, 10 years hence,
something like that. What do you hope it
becomes that it is not yet?
>> I want us to stay an investor first
firm. I don't care. Other people in the
industry want to be deployment
factories. By the way, there's nothing
wrong with that. All good. But that's
not what we want Six Street to be.
That's number one. Number two is
culture is everything to me. There's two
tests I'm going to always run. One test
is that we have an offsite every year in
Austin, Texas. Um where the whole firm
comes and I go walk around, I meet a
bunch of people and I'm like, did I meet
any a-holes? Did I meet people that, you
know, don't ask questions or just talk
about themselves? And so far, we're
undefeated. We're like 16 and0. But the
other test I'm gonna run is when I'm an
old man and 80 years old and I come back
in the firm and I sitting in a random
investment committee or a random meeting
like is that still true? And to me
that's the ultimate test and would I
introduce the people then to my family
to my grandkids or my kids because
that's the ultimate test. Like that's a
test and we always talk about that when
we're interviewing people like would you
would you first of all are they over
themselves yet? Okay, which again in our
industry there's a lot of people not
over themselves yet. Um maybe maybe
they'll listen to this and get over
themselves. Um that's a whole other
topic. But um but also like what do you
introduce into a family member? And that
to me is more important than anything is
like maintaining that and wherever that
journey takes us um you know that's
where it will take us. But again for our
business we're an investing business.
Those things are what make up us d
trying to drive what we believe
fundamentally religiously because we've
been doing it for 25 plus years great
great outcomes for our LPS and if we can
do that and ultimately you serve your
customer which in our case is our LPs
our people we do all those things that's
where it will take us to be clear we
have fiveear strategic plans and very
specific objectives but that's what I
think about on the horizon and I've you
know I've shared that like I said I've
shared that broadly with our entire firm
because it's how I think about it.
>> My friend Boyd Vardy has this great
phrase which is we don't know where
we're going but we know how to get
there.
>> Yeah, I like that. I like that.
>> Which sounds a little
>> And you got to be able to adapt because
you know think about like software
engineers like every mom and dad in
Palto you know three years ago was
telling their kids they had to do
software engineers and now none of them
are telling them not to do software.
Things can change and you got to be
adapting. We're headed into
>> you know we're we're headed into
interesting times here.
>> Yeah. Well, I'm fascinated by what you
built. It's so interesting and fun to
hear all about it, its history and its
unique aspects and where it's led you.
It's so such a fantastic conversation.
When I do these, I end with the same
traditional closing question for
everyone. What is the kindest thing that
anyone's ever done for you?
>> I think I'm going to have to say that
Stephen Plus, you know, just being 15
years older than me, taking time to
answer all my questions. By the way, in
a lot of firms, I think a lot of they
would have gone around me and said,
"Hey, what are you doing?" And he took
the opposite appro approach. And that
that's that's the kindest thing anyone's
ever done for me and probably the most
impactful. I wouldn't be where I am
today without him.
>> Amazing. Thank you so much for your
time.
>> Thank you.